Day00 v1.1 (#55)
42-AI/bootcamp_data-engineering: day00/day00.md

Data Engineering implies many tasks from organizing the data to putting data systems to productions. Data organization is often a mess in companies and our job is to provide a common, well-organized data source. Historically, the organization of the data is used to analyze the business and determine future business decisions. Those data organizations are called [Data warehouses](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dwh/index.htm) and are used by business intelligence teams (teams in charge of analyzing the business). This organization of the data follows a [star scheme](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/dwh/dwh_schemas.htm) allowing fast analysis.

> Nowadays, we want to answer other cases like providing data to data science teams or other projects. To do that we want to provide a common data organization not specific to any project which will be used by anyone who wants it (business intelligence, data scientists, ...). This 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nowadays, we want to meet other cases' needs such as providing data to data science teams or other projects. To do so, we want to deliver a common data organization which won't be project-specific but which will be used by anyone willing to (business intelligence, data scientists, ...). This 
```
Newline intended between 'This' and 'new'?

> new data organization is called a [Data Lake](https://medium.com/rock-your-data/getting-started-with-data-lake-4bb13643f9). It contains all the company data. The job of data engineering consists of organizing the data :

Reviewer: Newline intended between 'This' and 'new'?
